refactor: adjust readme after remove labeler (#350)
jina-ai/finetuner: README.md

pip install finetuner
```

> ## [Documentation](https://finetuner.jina.ai)

Reviewer: Why remove link to documentation?

Author: i think everyone is searching docs on top right like this: 
![0019DEA6-61C5-4589-BB7F-09F241CEDAAA](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9794489/150828170-178d2b32-af99-410b-95b4-806a012ffd0c.png) @tadejsv

pip install finetuner
```

## Finetuning ResNet18 on CelebA

1. Download [CelebA-small dataset (7.7MB)](https://static.jina.ai/celeba/celeba-img.zip) and decompress it to `'./img_align_celeba'`. [Full dataset can be found here.](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B7EVK8r0v71pWEZsZE9oNnFzTm8?resourcekey=0-5BR16BdXnb8hVj6CNHKzLg)

> 2. Finetuner accepts docarray `DocumentArray`, so we load CelebA image into this format using a generator:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Finetuner accepts `DocumentArray` from the [DocArray](https://github.com/jina-ai/docarray) library, so we load CelebA image into this format using a generator:
```

    ```python
    from docarray import DocumentArray
    
    # please change the file path to your data path
    data = DocumentArray.from_files('img_align_celeba/*.jpg')
    
    
    def preproc(doc):
        return (
            doc.load_uri_to_image_tensor(224, 224)
            .set_image_tensor_normalization()
            .set_image_tensor_channel_axis(-1, 0)

>         )  # No need for changing channel axes line if you are using tf/keras

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        )  # No need for changing channel axis if you are using tf/keras
```

    
    
    data.apply(preproc)
    ```

> 3. Load pretrained ResNet50 using PyTorch/Keras/Paddle:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Load pretrained ResNet18 using PyTorch/Keras/Paddle:
```

    - PyTorch
      ```python
      import torchvision
      resnet = torchvision.models.resnet18(pretrained=True)
      ```
    - Keras
      ```python
      import tensorflow as tf
      resnet = tf.keras.applications.resnet18.ResNet18(weights='imagenet')
      ```
    - Paddle
      ```python
      import paddle
      resnet = paddle.vision.models.resnet18(pretrained=True)
      ```
4. Start the Finetuner:
    ```python
    import finetuner as ft
    
    tuned_model = ft.fit(
        model=resnet,
        train_data=data,
        loss='TripletLoss',
        epochs=20,
        device='cuda',
        batch_size=128,
        to_embedding_model=True,
        input_size=(3, 224, 224),

>         layer_name='adaptiveavgpool2d_67', # layer before fc as feature extractor

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        layer_name='adaptiveavgpool2d_67', # layer preceding classification layer to be used as feature extractor
```
